Paul Guide for Tekken 2 from T. Kunitsu
                      Strategy Guide for Paul Phoenix

                            By Toshihiko Kunitsu

* Note : Please refer to the Tekken2 FAQ by Luke for the notations used in
this FAQ.

Paul's move list

 1+3                            Shoulder Throw
 2+4                            Shoulder Popper
 1+3+B                          Stomach Throw
 f,f+1+2                        Shoulder Ram
 d/f+1+2                        Striking Shiho-Nage
 d/b+1+2                        Ultimate Tackle
 During Tackle 1,2,1,2,1        Mounted Punches
 During Tackle D+2,1,1,N+4,1,1+2Ultimate Punishment
 From Behind 1+3 or 2+4         Neck Throw
 1,2                            1-2 Punches
 2-3                            P-K Combo
 2,D+3                          P-lowkick Combo
 1,D+3                          Reverse Punch/Lowkick Combo
 u/f+3,4                        Double Jumpkick
 f,f+4                          Somersault Kick
 f,f+3,4,4(or d/f+4 or d/b+4)   Triple Kick
 QCT+2                          Death Fist
 (WC)+1                         Tile Splitter
 (WC)+1,f+2                     Tile Splitter, Death Fist
 (WC)+4,2                       Falling Leaf Combo
 D,f+2                          Elbow Strike
 (WC)+2                         Stone Splitter (Enemy on Ground)
 (WC)+1,4,2                     Tile-Splitter, Falling Leaf Combo
 f,f+2                          Flash Elbow
 D,d/f+2,1                      Elbow Strike, Death Fist
 D,D/F+2,2                      Elbow Strike, Lifting Leg Punch
 b+1+2                          Super Death Fist (unblockable)
 b+1+3 or b+2+4                 Attack Reversal
 1,2,3,2,1,2,1,4,2,1            Tenstring
 1,2,3,1,4,2,1,4,2,1            Tenstring
 1,2,3,1,2                      Fivestring

Introduction

Paul doesn't have so many moves compared with others. But Paul is a very
powerful and easy-to-use character. If you are a beginner of Tekken2, you
might try Paul first. But you should be able to use 10hit combo at least.
Paul's 10hit combo is rather easy to use than others'. I will talk about
ONLY usefull moves to beat V.S. players and not talk about useless moves!

Paul's tactics

I.If your opponent is close to you

  1. Falling Leaf Combo (WC)+4,2
  2. Tile-Splitter, Falling Leaf Combo (WC)+1,4,2
  3. Any throws, but I recommend Striking Shiho-Nage(d/f+1+2) since it is
     the most damaging throw.
  4. Death Fist (QCT)+2
  5. 10hit combos

Especially Falling Leaf Combo is easy to use and pretty fast. You can use
this as your main weapon if you can't use 10hit combo. You can also use
Death Fist as your main attack since you won't get any attack from your
opponent after it(It pushes your opponent away from you).

II.If your opponent is a little away from you. In the distance your punches
or kicks don't reach your opponent

  1. Death Fist (QCT)+2
  2. Elbow Strike, Lifting Leg Punch(D,D/F+2,2) soon as you punch him up in
     the air, hold your stick down and press 2(Stone Splitter), or do the
     Falling Leaf Combo.
  3. Do a tackle d/b+1+2 and slap him (1,2,1,2,1).
  4. Do a Somersault Kick f,f+4, and throw him if your opponent blocks it.
     You can throw him since your opponent can't move for a while after he
     blocks it. If he doesn't block it and eats your kick, do a low
     sweep(D+3)
  5. Start 10hit combos

III.If your opponent is away from you

  1. Run towards him and do a Double Jump Kick (3,4) right before you reach
     your opponent. This works good since most people try to do something
     if you run towards him. But your jump double kick will sure to kick
     him up in the air!
  2. Run towards him and tackle(automaticaly) and slap him.
  3. Run towards him and do a sliding kick(4) before you reach your
     opponent.

IV.Aerial combo

Paul have only a few aerial combos, and most of them are really hard to do.
I will talk about the easiest one here.

You must be very close to your opponent. Kick him up in the air by a Jump
Kick (u/f+4). Do a left punch, then do Death Fist. Left punch holds him in
the air for a second. I think this is the easiest aerial combo, however,
this is hard to do. If you think this is too hard, you don't have to use
this...But if you can, people will be very impressed!

V.Down attack(if your opponent is lying down)

  1. Do a Pounce(u+2)
  2. Go close to your opponent and do a StoneSplitter
  3. Do a low spin kick (D+3)
  4. Stay a little away from him in the distance you don't get his standing
     up kicks. Do Death Fist as soon as your opponent start moving. You may
     use Super Death Fist(B+1+2) in the same way I said just now. But when
     you use it, you don't have to wait till your opponent start moving
     since the Super Death Fist takes a few second to be made. Your
     opponent will be DEAD since it takes a second to make a standing up
     kick. But you can only use this technique if your opponent always does
     standing up kicks. This one is rather like gambling. I don't recommend
     to use this so often.
  5. Stay very close to your opponent. As soon as your opponent moves, do
     the Falling Leaf Combo. You can hit him down again. You might use this
     technique repeatedly till he dies! If you do well, your opponent will
     never be able to get up! This works pretty well for BIG CHARACTERS
     such as Jack2 or Kuma.

I recomment to use #4 If you do right, your opponent will never get up and
will be pissed off a lot!!!

VI.Time attack pattern

This is only for V.S. computer and only to make the fastest record to beat
all characters up to devil.

Start the game with Tile-Splitter, Falling Leaf Combo((WC)+1,4,2). You can
hit the opponent down most of the time by this. If you couldn't, do this
till you hit him down. Then go very close to him. As soon as your opponent
starts moving, do the Death Fist (QCT)+2. If your timing is right, it
becomes a counter hit and kills him! It takes only 3sec for one game for
this pattern. My best record is 2min18sec.

VII.Summary

As I said at the beginning, Paul doesn't have so many moves. In other
words, Paul's moves are very simple. But if you combine and use techniques
in the right time, you will be one of the toughest Tekken2 player! And
DON'T forget to use 10hit combos! You might use them at any situation! They
are always usefull and beat most players. I can say you can fight even only
with 10hit combos! {1,2,3,1,4,2,1,4,2,1} Tap first {1,2,3,1} quickly, then
tap rest of them slowly. You will get this pretty soon.

If you got any question, please Email me! I will answer as much as I can!
Thanks!