                          Tekken 4 Time Attack FAQ
                                Version 0.50
                     Last Updated on October 8th, 2002
                    ------------------------------------
                    Written by Konqrr (konqrr@tekken.cc)

You can always find the newest version of this FAQ on my webpage:
 - Tekken Time Attack Cenral [http://aros.net/~ttac]
     (although it is not online until next month)

It is also available at the following websites:
 - Tekken Zaibatsu [www.tekkenzaibatsu.com]
 - GameFAQs [www.gamefaqs.com]
 - Neoseeker [www.neoseeker.com]

This FAQ is best viewed with a monospace font like Courier.  1234567890
Make sure the numbers line up with the dots below.           ..........

Version info:
     0.10 - Initial Release
     0.30 - Major update, many things rewritten
     0.40 - Yoshimitsu updated, minor fixes
     0.50 - Lei and Kazuya updated

и========================и---------------------и=========================и
|                         READ THIS, IMPORTANT!                          |
и========================и---------------------и=========================и

     I am relativly new to Tekken 4 as I didn't have the time or money to
play it in the arcade.  But I have several hundred hours of experience in
all other Tekken games, including Tekken 3 Time Attack Mode (PS1) in which
I hold several World Records, but we won't get into that in this FAQ.

     Anyways, I got the game on the 25th and spent four days straight with
it, getting used to the new features like walls, side walking, etc.  In
this short time I have come up with some pretty good strategies for some
characters and some not so good ones with others.  I haven't had much luck
with getting strats from anyone online, as most people imported and have
had the game for several months now.  Frankly, nobody cares.  But you do,
that's why you are reading this FAQ...right?!

     I don't intend on stealing or taking credit for any strategies that
someone else has come up with, so if you see something here and are like,
"Hey! I found that!"  Just drop me a line.  Also, if you have a strategy
you want to share (or one that you don't), e-mail me and I'll check it
out.  You could have that one strategy that will set the World Record,
and I'll be sure that everyone knows it was you who discovered it.

NOTICE:
======
     You can use this FAQ, print this FAQ and put this FAQ on your webpage
for other people to download, but you MAY NOT ALTER IT IN ANY WAY or claim
it as your own!  Follow this rule and we'll all be happy Time Attackers!!

LET'S BEGIN:
===========
     This FAQ is written with the average Tekkenite in mind.  Which means
that I am assuming that you know how to read a Tekken movelist.  If not,
then please direct your browser to one of the following links to get that
information:

- Tekken Zaibatsu (www.tekkenzaibatsu.com)
- Catlord's Tekken Collection (www.catlord.com)
    check out his excellent Tekken 4 Movelist

     Many of these strategies rely on Unblockables.  In order for these to
work, you have to make sure that you have enough space between you and the
computer when you execute the Unblockable or you will be hit out of it.
Walls can be your enemy and your friend.  For example, If a wall is nearby
and you are using Nina, knock them down into or near the wall, then stand
out of range so you don't get hit with a rising attack and do her
Unblockable.  Chances are that the computer will get up and try to back
out of the way, but they can't.  This is true for several characters, not
just Nina.

     Some strategies require you to start the round using a While Standing
move (WS+button).  The timing for this is difficult because on later
stages, the computer likes to hit you first and a simple jab is much
faster than any WS move you can pull out.  The way that I do this is to
press and hold D/B when the announcer says "Fight!", then after a short
wait go to Neutral and hit the button.  This may take a little getting
used to.  There is an alternate method to this, however.  You can simply
start the match with a jab or two, then duck with d/b or d/f and quickly
do your WS move before the computer can retaliate...I shouldn't say "can",
they could but they usually don't.

     There is a move that I use in this FAQ and in virtually every
strategy in Time Attack Mode for both Tekken 3 and 4.  That move is U/F,4.
Basically it is the big jump that is universal to every character, then
Right Kick...obviously.  In Tekken 3 you had to time the kick so you
would kick on the way down from the jump or you would miss, unless you
were fighting against a bigger character like Gun Jack, or King, then you
would kick on the way up to save time (.15 seconds faster to be exact).
In Tekken 4, we will kick on the way up almost exclusively.  The only
reason you would kick on the way down is if you were jumping from far away
and that doesn't happen very often in Tekken 4 due to no back jumping and
a smaller backdash.  This move is different from u/f+4 because you are
jumping first, THEN kicking.  This is very important!  Learn this move,
master this move, abuse this move...it is extremely helpful in adding that
extra damage you need for fast times, ESPECIALLY in Tekken 3 where it is
almost required.  Thank God I discovered it <o_O>

и=================и------------------------------------и=================и
|                  INDIVIDUAL CHARACTERS - PAUL PHOENIX                  |
и=================и------------------------------------и=================и

STRATEGY #1

      RATING:            *****
      RISK:              *ииии

      CREDIT:            Kelly G. Campbell (Konqrr)

      BASE STRATEGY:     1,2, f+1+2, b+1+2
      Base Target Time:  --

      STAGES:            1 - 2

      CHARACTERS:        All Characters
      Works best on:     --
      Doesn't work on:   --
      Exceptions:        --

      NOTES:  You need to do it as soon as possible.  Sometimes f+1+2
              will connect on Counter Hit, if this happens, wait until
              they get up then do f+1, b+1+2...or reset and try again.

STRATEGY #2

      RATING:            ****и
      RISK:              **иии

      CREDIT:            Kelly G. Campbell (Konqrr)

      BASE STRATEGY:     f+1+2, b+1+2, RN+1+2
      Base Target Time:  --

      IF NECESSARY #1:   (Grounded) d+1
      Target Time #1:    --

      STAGES:            3 - 6

      CHARACTERS:        All Characters
      Works best on:     --
      Doesn't work on:   --
      Exceptions:        Christie - She likes to lay on the ground making
                         your life miserable.  Make her stand up then try
                         again.

                         Yoshimitsu - Like Christie, he likes to sit down.
                         Just follow the above Exception.

      NOTES:  This strategy is not so reliable on Stages 5 and 6, but it
              does work.  Sometimes f+1+2 will connect on Counter Hit, if
              this happens, wait until they get up then do f+1, b+1+2.
              If there is a wall closeby and you can't run, just hit them
              over and over with d+1 until you win.

STRATEGY #3

      RATING:            ****и
      RISK:              **иии

      CREDIT:            Kelly G. Campbell (Konqrr)

      BASE STRATEGY:     U/F,4, f+1+2, b+1+2
      Base Target Time:  --

      IF NECESSARY #1:   RN+1+2
      Target Time #1:    --

      STAGES:            3 - 6

      CHARACTERS:        All Characters
      Works best on:     --
      Doesn't work on:   --
      Exceptions:        Ling and Julia - They are smaller characters, so
                         your initial kick may whiff.  Just continue as
                         you normally would.

                         Christie - She likes to lay on the ground making
                         your life miserable.  Make her stand up then try
                         again.

                         Yoshimitsu - Like Christie, he likes to sit down.
                         Just follow the above Exception.

      NOTES:  Make sure you are as close as possible when you do the kick.
              This way you can kick on the way up saving time doing the
              needed extra damage that makes this strategy work.

STRATEGY #4

      RATING:            ****и
      RISK:              ***ии

      CREDIT:            From a post on the TZ Forum (Unknown)

      BASE STRATEGY:     WS+2, (Juggle) 1, (Techroll) b+1+2, RN+1+2
      Base Target Time:  --

      IF NECESSARY #1:   d+1
      Target Time #1:    --

      STAGES:            3 - 8

      CHARACTERS:        All Characters
      Works best on:     --
      Doesn't work on:   --
      Exceptions:        --

      NOTES:  This strategy requires the computer to Techroll into the
              Unblockable.  If there is a wall closeby and you can't run,
              just hit them over and over with d+1 until you win.

STRATEGY #5

      RATING:            ***ии
      RISK:              **иии

      CREDIT:            Kelly G. Campbell (Konqrr)

      BASE STRATEGY:     U/F,4, d/b+1, WS+2, (Juggle) 1, (Techroll) b+1+2
      Base Target Time:  --

      IF NECESSARY #1:   RN+4
      Target Time #1:    --

      IF NECESSARY #2:   RN+1+2
      Target Time #2:    --

      STAGES:            3 - 8

      CHARACTERS:        All Characters
      Works best on:     --
      Doesn't work on:   --
      Exceptions:        Ling and Julia - They are smaller characters, so
                         your initial kick may whiff.  Just continue as
                         you normally would.

      NOTES:  This strategy requires the computer to Techroll into the
              Unblockable.  Make sure you are as close as possible when
              you do the kick.  This way you can kick on the way up saving
              time doing the needed extra damage that makes this strategy
              work.

STRATEGY #6

      RATING:            ****и
      RISK:              **иии

      CREDIT:            Kelly G. Campbell (Konqrr)

      BASE STRATEGY:     U/F,4, 1,2, WS+2, (Juggle) 1, (Techroll) b+1+2
      Base Target Time:  --

      IF NECESSARY #1:   RN+4
      Target Time #1:    --

      IF NECESSARY #2:   RN+1+2
      Target Time #2:    --

      STAGES:            3 - 8

      CHARACTERS:        All Characters
      Works best on:     --
      Doesn't work on:   --
      Exceptions:        Ling and Julia - They are smaller characters, so
                         your initial kick may whiff.  Just continue as
                         you normally would.

      NOTES:  This strategy requires the computer to Techroll into the
              Unblockable.  Make sure you are as close as possible when
              you do the kick.  This way you can kick on the way up saving
              time doing the needed extra damage that makes this strategy
              work.

STRATEGY #7

      RATING:            ****и
      RISK:              **иии

      CREDIT:            Kelly G. Campbell (Konqrr)

      BASE STRATEGY:     1,2, WS+2, (Juggle) 1, (Techroll) b+1+2, RN+1+2
      Base Target Time:  --

      STAGES:            3 - 8

      CHARACTERS:        All Characters
      Works best on:     --
      Doesn't work on:   --
      Exceptions:        Ling and Julia - They are smaller characters, so
                         your initial kick may whiff.  Just continue as
                         you normally would.

      NOTES:  This strategy requires the computer to Techroll into the
              Unblockable.  Make sure you are as close as possible when
              you do the kick.  This way you can kick on the way up saving
              time doing the needed extra damage that makes this strategy
              work.  If there is a wall closeby and you can't run, just
              hit them over and over with d+1 until you win.

и=================и------------------------------------и=================и
|                  INDIVIDUAL CHARACTERS - MARSHALL LAW                  |
и=================и------------------------------------и=================и

STRATEGY #1

      RATING:            *****
      RISK:              *ииии

      CREDIT:            Kelly G. Campbell (Konqrr)

      BASE STRATEGY:     U/F,4, U/F+4,3, d/b+1+2
      Base Target Time:  --

      STAGES:            1 - 2

      CHARACTERS:        All Characters
      Works best on:     --
      Doesn't work on:   --
      Exceptions:        Ling and Julia - They are smaller characters, so
                         your initial kick may whiff.  Just continue as
                         you normally would.

      NOTES:  Make sure you are as close as possible when you do the kick.
              This way you can kick on the way up saving time doing the
              needed extra damage that makes this strategy work.

STRATEGY #2

      RATING:            ****и
      RISK:              **иии

      CREDIT:            Kelly G. Campbell (Konqrr)

      BASE STRATEGY:     U/F+4,3, (Techroll) d+1+2~f+1, d/b+4,
                         (Techroll) d+1+2~f+1, d/b+4
      Base Target Time:  --

      STAGES:            3 - 8

      CHARACTERS:        All Characters
      Works best on:     --
      Doesn't work on:   --
      Exceptions:        --

      NOTES:  If they don't Techroll, wait until they get up.

STRATEGY #3

      RATING:            ***ии
      RISK:              ***ии

      CREDIT:            From a post on the TZ Forum (Unknown)

      BASE STRATEGY:     WS+2, (Juggle) 1, (Techroll) d/b+1+2, d/b+4
      Base Target Time:  --

      STAGES:            3 - 8

      CHARACTERS:        All Characters
      Works best on:     --
      Doesn't work on:   --
      Exceptions:        --

      NOTES:  This strategy requires the computer to Techroll into the
              Unblockable.  You may want to wait a little bit before
              doing d/b+4 or the kick will go right over them.

STRATEGY #4

      RATING:            ***ии
      RISK:              ***ии

      CREDIT:            Kelly G. Campbell (Konqrr)

      BASE STRATEGY:     WS+2, b,b~d/b+1+2, d/b+4
      Base Target Time:  --

      STAGES:            3 - 8

      CHARACTERS:        All Characters
      Works best on:     --
      Doesn't work on:   --
      Exceptions:        --

      NOTES:  You may want to wait a little bit before doing d/b+4 or the
              kick will go right over them.  When I first discovered this
              strategy, it was on Stage 7.  It worked from then on
              flawlessly, but since then it hasn't worked well at all.
              Just make sure you are out of range of a rising attack when
              you backdash before you do the Unblockable.

STRATEGY #5

      RATING:            ***ии
      RISK:              **иии

      CREDIT:            Kelly G. Campbell (Konqrr)

      BASE STRATEGY:     U/F+4,3, repeat
      Base Target Time:  --

      STAGES:            3 - 8

      CHARACTERS:        All Characters
      Works best on:     --
      Doesn't work on:   --
      Exceptions:        --

      NOTES:  It's faster if they Techroll as you don't have to wait for
              them to get up and you usually only have to do it 4 times.

и==================и----------------------------------и==================и
|                   INDIVIDUAL CHARACTERS - JIN KAZAMA                   |
и==================и----------------------------------и==================и

STRATEGY #1

    vs Stage 1-3
      RATING:            *****
      RISK:              *ииии
    vs Stage 4-8
      RATING:            ***ии
      RISK:              ***ии

      CREDIT:            Kelly G. Campbell (Konqrr)

      BASE STRATEGY:     1,3,2,1,4, u/b+1+2
      Base Target Time:  --

      STAGES:            All Stages

      CHARACTERS:        All Characters
      Works best on:     --
      Doesn't work on:   --
      Exceptions:        Kuma, King and Marduk - For some reason the last
                         hit of the 5-String whiffs if you are directly
                         in front of them.  Right before the match begins,
                         do a small sidestep to your right then begin the
                         strategy.

      NOTES:  Make sure you are as close as possible when you start this
              strategy so all hits connect whether blocked or not.  Make
              sure that you do the Unblockable as soon as possible to
              prevent retaliation.

и=================и------------------------------------и=================и
|                  INDIVIDUAL CHARACTERS - CRAIG MARDUK                  |
и=================и------------------------------------и=================и

STRATEGY #1

      RATING:            ***ии
      RISK:              **иии

      CREDIT:            From a post on the TZ Forum (Unknown)

      BASE STRATEGY:     (f,f+2, f,f+3) x3
      Base Target Time:  --

      STAGES:            All Stages

      CHARACTERS:        All Characters
      Works best on:     --
      Doesn't work on:   --
      Exceptions:        --

      NOTES:  Not a bad strategy, but iffy.  If you have trouble getting
              f,f+3 to connect, do it as f,F>3 instead.  That means to
              hold forward and delay the button press.

STRATEGY #2

      RATING:            ****и
      RISK:              **иии

      CREDIT:            Kelly G. Campbell (Konqrr)

      BASE STRATEGY:     1, b+2+3, f,f+3, D/F+4
      Base Target Time:  --

      IF NECESSARY #1:   D/F+4
      Target Time #1:    --

      STAGES:            1 - 4

      CHARACTERS:        All Characters
      Works best on:     --
      Doesn't work on:   --
      Exceptions:        --

      NOTES:  This doesn't work as well on Stage 3 and 4, but it does
              work.  If you have trouble getting f,f+3 to connect, do
              it as f,F>3 instead.  That means to hold forward and
              delay the button press.

STRATEGY #3

      RATING:            ****и
      RISK:              **иии

      CREDIT:            Kelly G. Campbell (Konqrr)

      BASE STRATEGY:     U/F,4, 1, b+2+3, f,f+3
      Base Target Time:  --

      IF NECESSARY #1:   D/F+4
      Target Time #1:    --

      STAGES:            1 - 4

      CHARACTERS:        All Characters
      Works best on:     --
      Doesn't work on:   --
      Exceptions:        --

      NOTES:  This doesn't work as well on Stage 3 and 4, but it does
              work.  If you have trouble getting f,f+3 to connect, do
              it as f,F>3 instead.  That means to hold forward and
              delay the button press.

и===================и--------------------------------и===================и
|                    INDIVIDUAL CHARACTERS - HWOARANG                    |
и===================и--------------------------------и===================и

I've found that several of Hwoarang's Tekken 3 strategies work well
in Tekken 4.  I'm not going to list them all, go read my Tekken 3 Time
Attack FAQ if you want to know what they are.

STRATEGY #1

      RATING:            ****и
      RISK:              **иии

      CREDIT:            Jim Leonard (xit_vono) [Tekken 3]

      BASE STRATEGY:     3,3,3,4,4, f+3,3,3,3, (Juggle) b+4, d/b+3+4,
                         f,f~d/b+3+4
      Base Target Time:  --

      IF NECESSARY #1:   f,f+3
      Target Time #1:    --

      STAGES:            1 - 2

      CHARACTERS:        All Characters
      Works best on:     --
      Doesn't work on:   --
      Exceptions:        --

      NOTES:  Stand close so all hits connect.

STRATEGY #2

      RATING:            ****и
      RISK:              **иии

      CREDIT:            Kelly G. Campbell (Konqrr)

      BASE STRATEGY:     U/F,4, d/b+1, WS+4,4, RFF f+4~4, (Juggle) b+3,
                         d/b+3+4, f,f~d/b+3+4
      Base Target Time:  --

      STAGES:            All Stages

      CHARACTERS:        All Characters
      Works best on:     --
      Doesn't work on:   --
      Exceptions:        --

      NOTES:  Make sure you are as close as possible when you do the kick.
              This way you can kick on the way up saving time doing the
              needed extra damage that makes this strategy work.

и==================и-----------------------------------и=================и
|                   INDIVIDUAL CHARACTERS - JULIA CHANG                  |
и==================и-----------------------------------и=================и

STRATEGY #1

      RATING:            *****
      RISK:              *ииии

      CREDIT:            Kelly G. Campbell (Konqrr)

      BASE STRATEGY:     U/F,4, 1,2,4, U/F,4, 1,2,4, d,d/f+1,2
      Base Target Time:  --

      IF NECESSARY #1:  (Grounded) d/b+3
      Target Time #1:   --

      STAGES:            1 - 2

      CHARACTERS:        All Characters
      Works best on:     --
      Doesn't work on:   --
      Exceptions:        --

      NOTES:  Finally, I found a decent strategy for Julia's early stages.
              If all hits don't connect, you will have to finish them off
              after they get up. 

STRATEGY #2

      RATING:            ****и
      RISK:              **иии

      CREDIT:            Kelly G. Campbell (Konqrr)

      BASE STRATEGY:     u/f+4, (Juggle) 4, repeat
      Base Target Time:  --

      STAGES:            All Stages

      CHARACTERS:        All Characters
      Works best on:     --
      Doesn't work on:   --
      Exceptions:        --

      NOTES:  This works pretty well, but you are left WIDE open if the
              computer blocks your Juggle attempt.

STRATEGY #3

      RATING:            ***ии
      RISK:              ***ии

      CREDIT:            From a post on the TZ Forum (Unknown)

      BASE STRATEGY:     2~b, d/b+1, WS+4, u/f+3+4, repeat
      Base Target Time:  --

      STAGES:            All Stages

      CHARACTERS:        All Characters
      Works best on:     --
      Doesn't work on:   --
      Exceptions:        --

      NOTES:  This is a very slow and tedious strategy, but it works
              every time you connect with 2~b!  You can do other things
              to tack on some extra damage like U/F,4 or whatever you
              want.

и===================и---------------------------------и==================и
|                    INDIVIDUAL CHARACTERS - STEVE FOX                   |
и===================и---------------------------------и==================и

STRATEGY #1

      RATING:            *****
      RISK:              *ииии

      CREDIT:            From a post on the TZ Forum (Unknown)

      BASE STRATEGY:     3, 1,1, 3, 1,1, 3, 1,1, 3, 1,1, 3, 1,1
      Base Target Time:  --

      STAGES:            1 - 2

      CHARACTERS:        All Characters
      Works best on:     --
      Doesn't work on:   --
      Exceptions:        --

      NOTES:  You can do f,N,3, 1,1 after the initial 3, 1,1 to make sure
              they are in range and to save time but it's risky.  It helps
              to get a Counter Hit.

STRATEGY #2

      RATING:            ****и
      RISK:              **иии

      CREDIT:            From a post on the TZ Forum (Unknown)

      BASE STRATEGY:     4, 2, repeat
      Base Target Time:  --

      STAGES:            All Stages

      CHARACTERS:        All Characters
      Works best on:     --
      Doesn't work on:   --
      Exceptions:        --

      NOTES:  Your timing on this strategy is critical.  You have to get
              used to how the computer reacts or this strategy won't work
              for you.  If you get a Counter Hit, then do 4~2.  If you
              don't then press 4 to go into the Sway and wait.  When you
              think the computer is going to attack, hit 2.  Make sure you
              are still in the Sway or you will just get a regular Right
              Punch!  Remember, this all happens pretty fast.  You can
              always just mash 4, 2 over and over and win, but with a
              little timing, you can get the round over much faster.

STRATEGY #3

      RATING:            ***ии
      RISK:              ***ии

      CREDIT:            Kelly G. Campbell (Konqrr)

      BASE STRATEGY:     3, 1,1, 4, 2 CH, f,f+2, qcb,f+1+2
      Base Target Time:  --

      IF NECESSARY #1:   d/b+2
      Target Time #1:    --

      IF NECESSARY #2:   RN
      Target Time #2:    --

      STAGES:            3 - 8

      CHARACTERS:        All Characters
      Works best on:     --
      Doesn't work on:   --
      Exceptions:        --

      NOTES:  When this strategy works, it works well.  Make sure the
              4, 2 is a Counter Hit or f,f+2 could be blocked.  You can
              keep doing 4, 2 until you get a Counter Hit, but you might
              as well keep doing 4, 2 until you win to save time.  This is
              the only Unblockable that the computer will get up into.
              Just like the old Tekken 3 Arcade days ^_^

и===============и-----------------------------------------и==============и
|                INDIVIDUAL CHARACTERS - CHRISTIE MONTIERO               |
и===============и-----------------------------------------и==============и

STRATEGY #1

      RATING:            ****и
      RISK:              **иии

      CREDIT:            Kelly G. Campbell (Konqrr)

      BASE STRATEGY:     b+4,4,3+4, repeat
      Base Target Time:  --

      STAGES:            All Stages

      CHARACTERS:        All Characters
      Works best on:     --
      Doesn't work on:   --
      Exceptions:        --

      NOTES:  Don't just use this strategy wildly.  Try to interrupt
              rising attacks or when the computer whiffs a move.  You'll
              end up wasting a lot of time if you just keep mashing.
              Wow, this old Eddy strategy finally works!  Yay!

и================и--------------------------------------и================и
|                 INDIVIDUAL CHARACTERS - KAZUYA MISHIMA                 |
и================и--------------------------------------и================и

STRATEGY #1

      RATING:            *****
      RISK:              **иии

      CREDIT:            Kelly G. Campbell (Konqrr)

      BASE STRATEGY:     U/F,4, 1,2,2, 1,2, b+3,1,4,1, tgf
      Base Target Time:  --

      STAGES:            All Stages

      CHARACTERS:        All Characters
      Works best on:     --
      Doesn't work on:   --
      Exceptions:        --

      NOTES:  Make sure you are as close as possible when you do the kick.
              This way you can kick on the way up saving time doing the
              needed extra damage that makes this strategy work.  If all
              hits connect, the computer will die every time :P

STRATEGY #2

      RATING:            *****
      RISK:              **иии

      CREDIT:            Kelly G. Campbell (Konqrr)

      BASE STRATEGY:     WS+2, d/f+2, d/b+2, WS+2, d/f+2, d/b+2,
                         WS+2, d/f+2, d/b+2
      Base Target Time:  --

      STAGES:            All Stages

      CHARACTERS:        All Characters
      Works best on:     Stages 5-8
      Doesn't work on:   --
      Exceptions:        --

      NOTES:  This is an actual working strategy!  Unlike most of the
              ones you read in this FAQ, this is how a strategy should
              be...a no brainer, just do the moves listed and you're
              home free!  The WS+2 stuns them, d/f+2 stuns them again,
              d/b+2 breaks them free of the stun and keeps them standing.
              Sometimes you will finish them with the 3rd d/f+2, but it
              doesn't happen that often.

STRATEGY #3

      RATING:            ***ии
      RISK:              ***ии

      CREDIT:            Kelly G. Campbell

      BASE STRATEGY:     WS+2, d/f+2, d/f+4,4, WS+2 CH, d/f+2, d/f+4,4
      Base Target Time:  --

      STAGES:            All Stages

      CHARACTERS:        All Characters
      Works best on:     --
      Doesn't work on:   --
      Exceptions:        --

      NOTES:  This is a little different than the strategy I had here
              before.  It starts out the same, WS+2 stuns, d/f+2 stuns,
              but you want to hesitate on d/f+4,4 so the computer falls
              to the ground.  Now here's the hard part, run up to them
              and time a WS+2 to interrupt their Techroll or rising
              attack.  This does major damage.  The only problem is if
              the computer doesn't Techroll and you run up and duck to
              wait for a rising attack, the computer may roll on the
              ground away from your right arm causing you to miss.  There
              are two things you can do, block their attack or reposition
              yourself so you don't miss like by tapping d/f or f.

и=====================и----------------------------и=====================и
|                      INDIVIDUAL CHARACTERS - KING                      |
и=====================и----------------------------и=====================и

STRATEGY #1

      RATING:            ***ии
      RISK:              **иии

      CREDIT:            From a post on the TZ Forum (Unknown)

      BASE STRATEGY:     1+2,1 or b+3, (Hold U/F+1+2) x3
      Base Target Time:  --

      STAGES:            All Stages

      CHARACTERS:        All Characters
      Works best on:     --
      Doesn't work on:   --
      Exceptions:        --

      NOTES:  This is a slightly altered Ogre strategy from Tekken 3.  It
              works well when walls aren't in your way.  Although the
              Unblockable is slow as hell in comparison to Tekken 3/Tag.

и==================и----------------------------------и==================и
|                   INDIVIDUAL CHARACTERS - KUMA/PANDA                   |
и==================и----------------------------------и==================и

STRATEGY #1

      RATING:            *****
      RISK:              **иии

      CREDIT:            From a post on the TZ Forum (Unknown)

      BASE STRATEGY:     f,f+2 (Hold 2), b,f+3,b,f+3, RN+1+2
      Base Target Time:  --

      IF NECESSARY #1a:  1+2~F
      Target Time #1a:   --
      IF NECESSARY #1b:  HBS 2
      Target Time #1b:   --

      STAGES:            All Stages

      CHARACTERS:        All Characters
      Works best on:     --
      Doesn't work on:   --
      Exceptions:        --

      NOTES:  The Salmon Hunter used in this strategy is the Just Frame
              version which does the same amount of damage as the regular
              version but it comes out faster.  Make sure you hold Right
              Punch after you do the launcher (f,f+2) then press b,f+3
              twice quickly.  If you see Kuma's claw flash, you know
              you did it right.  You won't have any problems unless there
              is a wall close by.  In that case, don't run, instead do
              1+2~F then any move in Hunting Bear Stance you need.

и==================и----------------------------------и==================и
|                   INDIVIDUAL CHARACTERS - LEI WULONG                   |
и==================и----------------------------------и==================и

STRATEGY #1

      RATING:            *****
      RISK:              **иии

      CREDIT:            Kelly G. Campbell (Konqrr)

      BASE STRATEGY:     3, U/F,4, 3, U/F,4, 3,3
      Base Target Time:  --

      STAGES:            1 - 2

      CHARACTERS:        All Characters
      Works best on:     --
      Doesn't work on:   --
      Exceptions:        --

      NOTES:  Don't press f+3, just keep the stick in the Neutral
              position, that way when 3 hits the computer will stay
              put and not be pushed back.

STRATEGY #2

      RATING:            *****
      RISK:              **иии

      CREDIT:            Kelly G. Campbell (Konqrr)

      BASE STRATEGY:     U/F,4, 3, U/F,4, 3, U/F,4, 3
      Base Target Time:  --

      STAGES:            1 - 2

      CHARACTERS:        All Characters
      Works best on:     --
      Doesn't work on:   --
      Exceptions:        --

      NOTES:  Don't press f+3, just keep the stick in the Neutral
              position, that way when 3 hits the computer will stay
              put and not be pushed back.

STRATEGY #3

      RATING:            *****
      RISK:              **иии

      CREDIT:            Kelly G. Campbell (Konqrr)

      BASE STRATEGY:     f+3, u/f,N>4, (Juggle) 3, f+3, u/f,N>4,
                         (Juggle) 3
      Base Target Time:  --

      STAGES:            3 - 8

      CHARACTERS:        All Characters
      Works best on:     --
      Doesn't work on:   --
      Exceptions:        Christie Montiero - She is a real pain when
                         fought on later stages due to her constant
                         ducking.  She interrupts your attacks moreso
                         than other charcters, so watch out.  You
                         may want to skip the f+3 part and just do
                         u/f+4, (Juggle) 3 instead.

      NOTES:  Make sure you press f+3 so the kick pushes the computer
              back, that way when you do the short hop they will just
              stand there and not attack until you press 4 to juggle them.
              This simple 3 hit technique does 50% damage when done
              correctly and also works in Tekken 3.

и==================и----------------------------------и==================и
|                   INDIVIDUAL CHARACTERS - YOSHIMITSU                   |
и==================и----------------------------------и==================и

STRATEGY #1

      RATING:            *****
      RISK:              **иии

      CREDIT:            Kelly G. Campbell (Konqrr)

      BASE STRATEGY:     4,4,4, 3, b,b+1
      Base Target Time:  --

      STAGES:            1 - 2

      CHARACTERS:        All Characters
      Works best on:     --
      Doesn't work on:   --
      Exceptions:        --

      NOTES:  Make sure you are close so all the Right Kicks hit.  The
              timing on getting the Unblockable to hit is somewhat tricky.
              I press b,B,1 or f~b,b+1 right after they hit the ground.

STRATEGY #2

      RATING:            ****и
      RISK:              **иии

      CREDIT:            Kelly G. Campbell (Konqrr)

      BASE STRATEGY:     3, b,b+1, finish
      Base Target Time:  --

      STAGES:            All Stages

      CHARACTERS:        All Characters
      Works best on:     --
      Doesn't work on:   --
      Exceptions:        --

      NOTES:  The timing on getting the Unblockable to hit is somewhat
              tricky.  I press b,B,1 or f~b,b+1 right after they hit the
              ground.  There isn't really a set strategy to finish them
              off.  You can do a U/F,4 to start the strategy to do the
              extra damage, then u/f+3+4,1+2 after the Unblockable hits.
              Or you can just do u/f+3+4,1+2,1+2, after the Unblockable,
              then whatever after they get up to take that last little bit
              of energy.  It's up to you ;P

STRATEGY #3

      RATING:            ****и
      RISK:              **иии

      CREDIT:            Kelly G. Campbell (Konqrr)

      BASE STRATEGY:     d/f+3,1, 3, b,b+1
      Base Target Time:  --

      STAGES:            3 - 8

      CHARACTERS:        All Characters
      Works best on:     --
      Doesn't work on:   --
      Exceptions:        --

      NOTES:  The timing on getting the Unblockable to hit is somewhat
              tricky.  I press b,B,1 or f~b,b+1 right after they hit the
              ground.

STRATEGY #4

      RATING:            ****и
      RISK:              **иии

      CREDIT:            Kelly G. Campbell (Konqrr)

      BASE STRATEGY:     d/f+3,1, d/f+2, (Juggle) 1, (Techroll) b,b+1
      Base Target Time:  --

      STAGES:            3 - 8

      CHARACTERS:        All Characters
      Works best on:     --
      Doesn't work on:   --
      Exceptions:        --

      NOTES:  The computer should Techroll or spring up into the
              Unblockable.  You can use any juggle starter for this
              strategy.

STRATEGY #5

      RATING:            ****и
      RISK:              **иии

      CREDIT:            Kelly G. Campbell (Konqrr)

      BASE STRATEGY:     d/f+2, (Juggle) 1, (Techroll) b,b+1, finish
      Base Target Time:  --

      STAGES:            3 - 8

      CHARACTERS:        All Characters
      Works best on:     --
      Doesn't work on:   --
      Exceptions:        --

      NOTES:  The computer should Techroll or spring up into the
              Unblockable.  You can use any juggle starter for this
              strategy.

==========================================================================
I didn't list all the strategies I have so far because they are still a
work in progress.  There will be many updates to this FAQ in the future.

Don't forget to check out the Official Ranking page!

http://www.namco.co.jp/home/cs/ps2/tekken4/ranking/index.html

Most of those top times have got to be bogus...ie GameShark.  I mean who
in the hell can get 48 seconds with Kazuya?!  Come on...

That doesn't stop me from putting my times up though.  How do you get your
time on the Official Ranking?  There is a link on the top of the page that
tells you all you need to know.  Look for Konqrr on the Time Attack and
Chain Training pages!  I'm sure to be in the top 20 sooner or later with
all characters :D

Be sure to check out my Tekken 3 Time Attack FAQ to be released
in the near future!  It is a huge guide that anyone interested in setting
records is sure to want to read.  If you can't wait and would like me
to send you some strategies, simply e-mail me and ask.
==========================================================================
Copyright 2002 - Kelly G. Campbell (Konqrr)