The Prototype Jack Beginners FAQ ver. 1.0

By: David Strout and Mitch Rhodes, aka Trekk and Brahma, respectively

________________________________________________________________________
Table of Contents:

1. Disclaimer- This is the best part if you're a bored lawyer

2. Introduction- Why we wrote this

3. Short Version History- Updates listed here

4. Legend- Get familiar with conventions

5. The Movelist- The basics on starting out with Prototype

6. Contacts- Insert feedback here

7. Credits- Us thanking people

***********************************************************************

Disclaimer:  

PLEASE NOTE:  Both Mitch Rhodes and myself wish it to be known that we do not 
accept credit in any way, shape or form for this disclaimer, which was 
originally created by Kao Megura and later modified by Mark Kim, who soley 
retain its authorship.

Unpublished Work Trademarked (tm) and copyrighted (c) Mitch Rhodes and David 
Strout  2000, 2001. All Rights Reserved.

IMPORTANT: YOU MUST READ AND AGREE TO EVERY PART AND EVERY WORD TO THIS 
DISCLAIMER. USE OF THIS FILE CONSTITUTES ACCEPTANCE TO THIS DISCLAIMER.

In no event shall this document be reproduced or retransmitted in any way, 
shape, or form (including but not limited to physical, natural, or electronic). 
In no event shall this document be used for HTML, Perl, C++, HTMLScript, Active 
Server Page Files, JavaScript, Java, or any other forms of webmastering that 
exist without e-mailed permission from Mitch Rhodes or David Strout.  In no 
event shall this document be used at a password-protected site where either user 
accounts are utilized and/or money is made through user accounts. Anyone who 
wishes to mirror this document MUST make this document freely accessible 
(meaning no access moderation exist at your site), FREE OF CHARGE (whether if it 
is through FTP, HTTP, Gopher, Finger, LDAP, Mailto, or any other Internet 
Standards that are approved by the World Wide Web Consortium), and in its 100% 
entirety, bugs included. Mitch Rhodes and David Strout GRANT NO PERMISSION IF 
FOR ANY REASON THIS FILE WILL BE USED for any profitable (even if you fail to 
make any money out of it), promotional, and/or commercial transactional purposes 
(including but not limited to giving this file as some sort of bonus, gift, or 
otherwise which constitutes making money out of this file which is illegal) 
whether the content of this document is good or bad.  No permission will EVER be 
granted to any publisher, editor, employees and/or associates of any 
publishing/editing corporation, group, and/or business nor can it be used by any 
gaming guides, game sites, magazines, guides, books, or any other profitable 
and/or promotional media that exists IN ANY WAY, shape, form (including 
reprinting, republishing, OCR'ing, etc.), and the like.  Permission is 
recommended if he/she wants to mirror this document on his/her site.

Currently, this document is being maintained and is the sole property of Mitch 
Rhodes (MegaManBrahma@aol.com) and David Strout (Trekk@tekken.cc). This document 
is protected by ALL APPLICABLE copyright and trademark laws, patent laws, and 
international treaties.  YOU MUST TREAT THIS DOCUMENT LIKE YOU WOULD WITH ANY 
OTHER COPYRIGHT MATERIAL SUCH AS ADOBE GOLIVE AND ADOBE PHOTOSHOP FROM ADOBE 
SYSTEMS, INC.  Remember any breach of copyright, trademark, and/or patents 
(which includes but not limited to plagiarism, stealing, laming, pirating, or 
otherwise) and failure to adhere to the aforementioned URL and ALL PARTS of this 
disclaimer counts as unauthorized reproduction and/or distribution (partial or 
full), resulting in severe civil and criminal penalties, which is punishable 
through prosecution under the maximum extent possible under the law.

Mitch Rhodes and David Strout acknowledges and respects all copyrights, patents 
(pending or not), and trademarks whether if it's mentioned or not somewhere in 
this document as no copyright infringement was intended.  Mitch Rhodes and David 
Strout also acknowledge and respects all copyrights, patents (pending or not), 
and trademarks of ALL OTHER FAQ AUTHORS (whether if it's Kao Megura, John 
Culbert, Henry LaPierre, Josh Harring, Mark Kim, or otherwise) and if for any 
reason I MUST USE any or all of the document, it will be mentioned somewhere in 
this document, commonly in the Acknowledgements section of this document.

If for any reason you must use any or all of this document for your own FAQ, 
please properly give credit where credit is due.

IF FOR ANY REASON YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ALL OF THE TERMS LISTED AT THE URL 
AFOREMENTIONED ABOVE AND/OR IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS DISCLAIMER, then you 
must destroy this document at all costs.  Tekken, Tekken 3, Tekken Tag 
Tournament, Kazuya Mishima, Heihachi Mishima, Jin Kazama, devil and all other 
related events and objects are registered trademarks and copyrighted (c) Namco.  
All Rights Reserved.  This document was carefully prepared and created by Mitch 
Rhodes and David Strout in respect to all Namco Properties, as no copyright 
infringement was intended.

I'll make this clear: This document is OURS and there is NO UNAUTHORIZED USE of 
this document at any cost!!!  You are free to mirror this document at your web 
site, but IT MUST BE SHOWN IN ITS ENTIRETY AND IT MUST REMAIN 100% ORIGINAL AND 
UNTOUCHED.  Feel free to distribute this document BUT IT MUST BE DISTRIBUTED 
ELECTRONICALLY AND FREE OF CHARGE.  I didn't create this document so that some 
lamer will come around and steal this work and/or have a Gaming Mag Company 
(namely EGM, who's been making blood money from some Tekken 3 FAQs back in 1997) 
print this document into a magazine.  NO MONETARY COMPENSATION CAN BE MADE FROM 
THIS DOCUMENT AND THAT'S THE BOTTOM LINE.  ONE FINAL FOOD FOR THOUGHT: THE 
DOCUMENT MUST BE FREELY ACCESSIBLE WHICH MEANS NO PASSWORDS, NO USER ACCOUNTS, 
NO CHACHI CAN BLOCK ACCESS TO THIS DOCUMENT!!!

Game Cave: KEEP YOUR HANDS OFF THIS FILE AT ALL COSTS!!!  WE'VE HEARD THAT 
YOU'VE BEEN MAKING BLOOD MONEY OUT OF SOME PEOPLE AND WE ARE GETTING SICK AND 
TIRED OF YOUR MISCHIEF.  THIS WORK IS OURS AND IF YOU EVEN DARE USE THIS WORK TO 
MAKE MONEY OUT OF IT, WE WILL TELL YOUR PROVIDERS TO SHUT YOU DOWN FOR GOOD.

Note: This copyright is shared with Kao Megura's and Mark Kim's well-placed 
copyright except that Mark decided to make the copyright a little more severe. 
Notice that Mark Kim as well as Mitch Rhodes and David Strout acknowledges ALL 
of Kao Megura's works and admire his work and we wanted to imitate his 
copyright. This copyright that you see is similar to Mark Kim's copyright on his 
LA Machine Guns Anti-Terrorist Manual.

***********************************************************************

Introduction:

	Hi. This is the first FAQ that either Brahma or I've done (well, that's 
been hosted so far, we currently are considering more in the future) and we hope 
it helps some of the learning Jack players out there. The concept originally 
began as a response to the lack of overall Prototype information out there 
(which was largely due to the lack of serious Prototype players to begin with). 
This FAQ was worked on, compiled, and edited by both Brahma and myself, and we 
want it to be a foundation for all the Prototype players out there who want any 
tips on basic strategy. It does not have a juggle section and there are no 
character specific strategies, at least for now. This is instead intended to get 
people started with Prototype and learn to expand their strategy, rather than be 
an entire breakdown of him (though we may be adding sections in the future). 
Anyway, it's intended to be used as a reference for people who want to learn 
Prototype and to start picking up some strategy while learning some things for 
themselves, so it's not combo intensive but rather covers basic playing tactics 
based on Prototype's arsenal, and includes some simple followups and juggles. We 
welcome any feedback, ideas, complaints, suggestions or compliments you'd like 
to send in, and you can find our addresses in the contacts section.

When we had first decided to make the FAQ, Prototype didn't have a single one 
out there. Now were happy to bring you the second one out, and with any luck 
it'll help some people to improve their game a bit. We don't really know why, 
but he's not the most used character yet...

************************************************************************

Version History:

Date of the FAQ's creation along with any updates will be listed here.

Version 1.0- Jan 13, 2001. FAQ created. Well... That's it so far.

************************************************************************

Legend:

This is a complete breakdown of all the move notation used in this FAQ. If 
you're not already familiar with the standard move notation please read this 
first.

f = forward	     u = up 	            u/f = up+forward     d/b = down+back
b= back	d = down     d/f = down+forward     u/f = up+forward

Capital letters signify holding down the direction indicated for a longer amount 
of time.

1 = left punch      (square on PSX/PS2 controller)
2 = right punch     (triangle on PSX/PS2 controller)
3 = left kick       (x on PSX/PS2 controller)
4 = right kick      (circle PSX/PS2 controller)

HCF = Half Circle Forward
FC  = Full Crouch (hold D)
* * = titles in stars signify moves that have been named by either Brahma or 
myself. Why? Well... It's more fun than not doing it... This trend was started 
by Brahma, who began probably the most widely used move fan name for Prototype- 
the Megaton God Fist (MGF), also known as b,d/b,d,d/f+1 in his movelist. 

************************************************************************

The Movelist:

Throws:

Though one of the smallest throw lists (you could argue that it is the smallest 
at 1 basic and 1 special if you don't count the 1+3, along with the standard 2 
side and 1 back throw) Prototypes guessing game in the half second following a 
grab is the difference between a boot in the face or a punch in the chest, but 
this simple mixup can be very effective in conjunction with his poking strings 
and basic launchers.

-1+3:  A unique throw that used to be common to the big guys. Now it's Jacks 
only. This can be useful when its guaranteed, but theres little to gain by just 
tossing this out, its entirely too slow. This should only be used for style 
points/juggles, as a mixup trick in fighting against turtles (except you have to 
be right in their face to connect it), and when you can guarantee it (it's 
possible for example to do this move to interrupt Eddy's slippery kicks after 
the second kick). 

-2+4 (d,d/f+2) :  Prototype's standard throw. This move does fairly good damage 
and its only drawback is not in the move itself but for lack of a mixup- all of 
Prototypes throws are either a 2 or 1+2 escape, this being of course the 2. Its 
best use is against defensive players. Try to  follow up with the d,d/f+2 punch 
in the throw (more damage, and isnt really that easy to block).  If you stick 
with the 2+4 alone, follow up with a 1+2 if they always get up right away or a 
d/f+1+2 if they like to lay on the ground.

*Meet my foot* d/b+2+3:  A very useful throw, it leaves the opponent ducking. 
Nothing is guaranteed after this but people will usually stand up right into a 
second throw. This can set up some mean guessing games (for example, 1+2,1+2, 
and on people waiting to escape another d/b+2+3 a 2+4 works pretty well). This 
throw also can be mixed with a d/f+2, 2, f+1+2 in the event they try to 
interrupt you, or they wait on hitting 1+2 to try to escape another d/b+2+3 
(which will give you a CH when you use d/f+2 instead). DO NOT abuse this throw 
or it will no longer be a useful tool in your arsenal. When your opponent starts 
to anticipate (and duck) these you're left hanging with a slow throw that didn't 
connect.

Left side throw: This just looks cool, and it tags. Tag off of it whenever 
possible for a guaranteed tag slide at least, or you can try using it as a setup 
for an unblockable charge.

*The spank* Right side throw: The spank. This is THE throw to land! Whenever you 
hit this throw, point at your opponent and laugh like a jackass. For the follow 
up try u/f+3+4 and MGF.

Back throw: At 45 points of damage, this is a hella weak back throw for such a 
powerful character. Essentially GunJacks body slam to the side. At least it's 
inescapable, so can't complain there. Also, you can follow up with a guaranteed 
u/f+3+4 or a MGF.

Strike Moves:

Basic Strike:

The 4 main strike moves, given to every character in Tekken, and how they apply 
to Prototype.

1: The first strike in the Jack hammer, not very useful stand alone.

2: A standing 10 frame poke. Useful for keeping space between you and your 
opponent

3: A kick. For more damage better used as F+3

4. A kick, but its not very fast. After a good round of poking could be a decent 
time to try this, but it's certainly not an interrupt. Can be used every once in 
a while when you want to use a kick but aren't sure the F+3 will hit. On a CH 
you can f+1+2 to juggle. Overall its not very useful.

Prototypes Arsenal:

These moves are what give Prototype his entire personality, and you'll find all 
of his remaining moves listed here..

-d/f+4: Not too slow and above average range. Even better, it does decent damage 
for a poke and it's a kick (for all those punch parry happy Fury players). This 
is a good part of Prototypes poking game.

-d/f+2: Simple, can be used for a poke, quick juggle starter. Simple followups 
like 2, f+1+2 would be one of these. To stop tekrollers, a d/f+2, 2, SS+1_MGF 
(delayed) can be pretty useful.

-F+3: Also a little slow, but good damage (and it's a kick), as well as a nice 
CH stun for some wicked followups, like a clean f+1+2 to combo. Adding this to 
your arsenal (added around some poking games) will help get you some space too.

-1,1,1: Slow startup and you're not in a good spot at the finish. Use only when 
you are sure the first hit will connect as a CH as they will all connect for 
some heavy damage. Can also be used against slower recovery to try to set up CH 
(but cancel after the second swing if they block).

-d/b+1,1,1,2: Use the first part for a quick poke. It connects low and leaves 
P.Jack in a FC. DO NOT get predictable with this poke as it isnt terribly quick 
(and its slower than GunJack or Jack2's d/b+1) and people will start to block 
it. Throw out the full string every once in a while for people who like to try 
and rush in on it, but be careful, it can be parried.

*The Megaton God Fist (MGF)* b,d/b,d,d/f+1: Fairly fast, ducks under high 
attacks, hits grounded people, causes a short block stun, and it's even a class 
1 launcher. Obviously this makes it quite useful.  It's good to use for 
okiezieme, and its fairly fast (when done w/o the windup). Timed right this move 
can be used against tekrollers.

-d/f+1,2,1,2: this is a great poking string. A d/f+1,2,1,2 (CH) will launch for 
a guaranteed D/F+1, u/f+3+4, or an anti-tek D/F+1,2,u/f+3+4 (the latter can be 
instant recovery escaped). Also possible is the d/f+1,2,1,2 (CH), 2, f+1+2. This 
is also actually possible without a crouch cancel but can be done with or 
without.

*Windmill* FC,d/f+1,2,1,1: This move is decent to use provided the first swing 
isnt interrupted. It can't be interrupted after the first swing connects. The 
windmill can be good okezieme as well, as if the first hit connects as someone 
is getting up, it will bounce them back up into the next 2.Using the 1 at the 
end should, if used at all, be used sparingly. It comes out slow, but if it 
connects the opponent is BK. If it is blocked, a f+1+2 is a guaranteed stun 
combo. If your opponent ducks it however, you're asking to be WS launched, so be 
careful. 

-D/F+1,2,d/f+1: This string isn't as useful for poking as its d/f counterpart, 
but is a decent FC launcher setup that has a bit more juggling potential. The u 
cancel rule applies here as well for the additional crosscut combo addition. It 
can also end high, medium or low. While low is less expected, and if it hits 
puts you at less risk, if it gets parried it leaves you with some trouble. The 
mid pushes your opponent back a little and is probably the safest. While using 
the high ender may seem to be useful to establish more of a guessing game it has 
no advantage and is asking to be WS launched, so its really not useful.
  =d+1: Replace for low finish
  =f+1: Replace for high finish

-FC+1,1,1,2: A useful add on to Prototypes FC low hit pressure game. Well. Maybe 
once. If at all, use this move very, very sparingly, it begs to be parried and 
if you're lucky enough to get the string off once expect decent level players to 
be waiting on it for the parry from then on.
  =d+1: low ender, good for a quick low poke.
  =d/f+1: mid ender, change up with the low hit.
  =f+1: high ender, almost no use.

-f+1: An elbow with decent speed. It can be reversed, for some reason. Can be 
used as a poke or an interrupt to slower moves but is easily replaced for poking 
by a 2, 2,1, or a d+1. It can be used faked from the ff dash however as a poke 
alternative to the crosscut as well.

-SS+1: This is a very useful launcher. If you don't buffer a tag it causes a 
block stun and leaves you safe, and it can be used as okiezieme off axis. If 
anything it's just a bit slow. Prototype can also tag out of it and you can 
follow up with many of the same tag combos off of Devils SS launcher, but P.Jack 
tags out a bit slower, so some Devil SS+2 combos won't work here. The well known 
style combo is SS+1,SS+2 (with the spin at the end), also interesting is the 
b+1+2, f+3+4, though you can get hit by a LOT of stuff if this doesn't kill your 
opponent. For damage an u/f,N,4, 1+2 finish works much better. Also this can set 
up an interesting tag game with two SS+1s right after the other, as this very 
often will cause your opponent to tag out, and with good timing they will tag 
into another SS+1.

-SS+1+2: Useful SS mixup (Prototypes two other SS attacks are more useful for 
stun and punishment purposes than interrupts). Good for when opponent expects 
the slower SS+1 and rushe you. The SS+1+2 comes out quicker, and causes a block 
stun. Follow up with a guaranteed u/f+3+4 or MGF on CH. If you connect this on 
the opponents back or side they will be knocked towards you guaranteeing a 
d/f+1+2. This also causes a brief stun and provided you don't whiff it (or at 
least you can surprize your opponent with it) this move isn't too risky to use 
now and then..

-1+2<1+2: Trademark Jack move, both hits guaranteed if the first connects, and 
can now *finally* be delayed. This is a great mixup now with the delay against 
rushing opponents or opponents who think they can punish you after a blocked 
initial hit. Try not to abuse the delay because if that's blocked, you will be 
punished for it. The first part is great to use against chops, get up kicks, 
large chars that are KD, and as a juggle finisher and in other okiezieme.

-WS+1+2<1+2: Same as above only in reverse. It does a bit less damage and 
recovers faster. A good reaction juggle to high whiffs. If at all possible 
however try to instead of using the second part to the string, try a 
WS+1+2,N,1+2- it does more damage and is still guaranteed. Also, the WS+1+2 
alone also launches for simple juggles.

-f+1+2: This is an all purpose move, and another of the trademark Jack (well, 
big char) moves. Hits mid, decent speed, good recovery. A d/f+1+2 is guaranteed 
afterward with no risk as well as is a MGF. Also guaranteed, but only if the 
crosscut didn't hit as close to the opp as possible, is the u/f+3+4. For some 
reason if you hit right next to your opponent the u/f+3+4 can be blocked.

-d/f+1+2: DO NOT whiff this move. At a 70 frame disadvantage you will be subject 
to half the unblockables in the game. Use if you are right next to the opponent 
for a surprise attack then follow up with another one guaranteed. Great 
okiezieme. While it can be useful as a close quarters mixup strategy the fact 
that its so slow against a standing, poke-ready opponent means you don't 
generally want to be throwing this out in instances outside of your wake up 
strats.

-d+1,2: Another great move. Use as a quick CH for nice damage or just the first 
part as a poke. The tile splitter is also useful in okiezieme and is quicker 
than the 1+2. Interesting though not quite as useful variation on the SS+1 
juggle finishers (like SS+1,d+1,2, and the d+1 shouldn't hit).

*Buick breaker* f,f+2: A very slow heavy damage move, that's useful to scare the 
opponent and gives a nice long stun. The crosscut is NOT guaranteed afterwards, 
however basic pokes are (2, d/f+4) or provided the opponent tries to interrupt 
you, a crosscut will hit. This move can actually be used in okiezieme and vs. 
chops/rolls as well, but due to its slow speed you'd better be quick to start it 
and use its range to your advantage.

-D/F+2,1,2: A triple rush, same as the above triple upper rush except it doesn't 
juggle. Stick to the D/F+1,2,1.

-2,1,2: Very useful poke using the first two, which are quick and do decent 
damage. The last hit however could be slower provided Prototype was tied up and 
gagged. Though it does take the last hit such a long time to come out (and isn't 
guaranteed on CH either), sometimes people don't expect it since most Jack 
players won't often use it. But, we still don't recommend trying much...

-D/F+2: Start of uppercut rushes, but can cancel high_low_mid after the first 
hit. One of the better pokes. Learn to buffer off the FC and use the followups 
the same as off the D/F+1,2_d+1_f+1_d/f+1.

-b,d/b,d,d/f+2: Ouch. A bit on the slow side, but packs quite a wallop. This is 
a useful alternative to the MGF against whiffs primarily. Would be better if it 
was a bit faster but does pretty nice damage.

-SS+2: Not hard to use, pushes the opponent back and isn't too slow (but could 
be a bit faster). This has more risk than conventional poking however (or the 
crosscut) which makes it a bit less useful.

*The Flying Ass Press* u/f+3+4: Great for okezeime but that's about it. Useful 
as a last hit because, well, it looks cool. The punch string at the end (which 
works only if you don't hit with the u/f+3+4) is practically useless unless you 
*gasp* whiff and panic trying to get out of it, but even afterwards youre asking 
to get hit on the roll. For example, if your opponent blocks the string, yes, 
that EWGF will hit you and no, theres nothing you can do about it. And finally, 
its also parry bait, so be careful with that string. Use the u/f+3+4 for 
okiezieme and try to use it when its guaranteed or as a last hit. This also (due 
to Jacks size) can be made anti-tek but is punishable if your opponent instant 
recovers.

-d+3+4:
  *Ass Scoot Punches* =1,2,1,2_2,1,2,1 Not too useful. Evades high attacks, can 
be followed up with sitting punches or a roll back_forward with a getup kick. 
Really you're asking for an EWGF. Funny as a taunt.

-KND,d+1+2: P.Jack sits up swinging and ends up in the sit position. Useful to 
throw out every once in a while but you will get punished bad if you get 
predictable. This is a nice change up for when you get elbowed everywhere you 
roll and also to avoid standing up into a tackle.

*Torpedo Jack* f+3+4: Damn this move is cool. For one, it has insane reach, and 
it's the best anti tag move provided you use it to deliver the last hit. The 
range and the fact that it also hits mid at the start and low at the end makes 
it even more useful to finish off an opponent trying to run away or just coming 
in (hopefully with low health). DO NOT whiff or have this move blocked.  If you 
whiff or block (well, even if you hit, if your opp is still there) you are going 
to get hurt. Unblockables, launchers, whatever, this move is the worst 
recovering one in the game.

-b+1+2: Like Jin's force block. Repels all attacks. Can be cancelled as f or b,b 
for Drunken Jack, hehe... unfortunately the window that it repels attacks is 
just a bit too small, and basically leaves you standing there flashing, open to 
most attacks. Can be used in style juggles however (but they won't be doing much 
damage).

-5~U: Hold up when tagging in P.Jack and he comes in from above to land on the 
opponents head. If only this tracked a little better it would be much more 
useful (you can get backthrown a bit too easily from this, and you can also be 
hit out of the air or on recovery). Also if you miss, you're in for a big hit. 
If you use this too much, you can bet you're gonna get back throw a whole lot. 
Safe to use provided you can get it to connect however, and good on those 
opponents who just can't wait for you to tag to your big, float friendly Jack.

-3+4 (3+4, 3+4): Not extremely useful. If your opponent is not retarded you will 
most likely be back thrown or eat a big hit. Good for shits and giggles and can 
combo with the delay from the second burst (if you could pull it off it would be 
a cool style combo).

-HCF (360x4)+1: The Gigaton. You can hit 1 for a punch after every windup, and 
you can wind up 5 times. It becomes unblockable after the 2nd windup. After 5 
windups if you didn't punch P.Jack swings him arm around a few more times and 
you can't punch. Damage increases after each windup, and at 5 windups the punch 
instantly kills. After one windup the punch causes a block stun which guarantees 
a throw if close enough. If you hit someone with anything above 3 windups make 
sure you let them know how much of a dumbass they are. This is about the 
aptitude required to eat a bear fart.

-f+4~1: The greatest unblockable in the game, period. Jack laughs at his hapless 
victim, walks forward with his hand in the air, a bell rings (I happen to like 
Prototypes death chime better than GunJacks) and PING! he taps them on the 
shoulder for 101 points of damage. Also can be comboed into MGFs, u/f+3+4s and 
1+2s for insane damage juggles.

d+2,1,1,1,2,1,2,1,1+2,1+2: P.Jack's tenstring. Not too useful, if you don't get 
interrupted you are safe if the last hit gets blocked. Not too easy to interrupt 
after the 4th hit. If you use this, you can get low parried or punch parried 
pretty easy. The first 2 hits are quite useful as a poke though.


Contacts:

Feel free to report any bugs or errors here. You can also send any info you 
might think was missing and if we decide to add it you will be listed in the 
credits along with the version update. Any praise or flaming can go here too, 
hehe. 

Trekk:  Trekk@tekken.cc
Brahma: MegaManBrahma@aol.com

************************************************************************

Credits:

We would like to thank the following people in the completion of this FAQ:

Castel, the first to compile the movelist in general, which turns out to save a 
lot of FAQ writers some time putting their own together. He runs a huge Tekken 
site at www.tekkenzaibatsu.com (great forum too).

Ihira: fellow Jack player, first to catch d/b+1+2, a previously unlisted move.

And once again we would like to thank Mark Kim and Kao Megura for our disclaimer 
in its entirety.

Last but not least of course, thanks to Namco for making Tekken and the reason 
for this FAQ in the first place.

************************************************************************

